---
journal: Personal
journal-start-date: 2024-07-17
journal-end-date: 2024-07-17
journal-section: day
---

### Events

Wednesday i woke up under some stress i don't know what it was. i was roster-ed on for work at the university as ISS triage personnel. The morning started with reading my orthodox bible and doing some prayer readings. my heart was still heavy from things i couldn't even describe.  i went to the atm confused and woke dad up with a message, i cleared my confusion and rushed to catch the train i traveled using the train and scrolled through my phone the whole way, i kind of find it a bit relaxing, however i am not proud of it, i used a loop bus and got to the university an hour twenty minutes early and met the iss team aswell as Klaus. Klaus wasn't very impressed but he did ask why i was there early but kind of proud too for seeing me early gave me an introduction and told me to wait for wei wei i met some people who came back from iss holidays who i had seen on my emails previously. later that morning i  met a lady  coming out of the backside room from where i was sitting called wei wei, she was a nice lady, i recognized her and told here i was amanueal, we started the shift by setting up the place but immediately i had some sort of a feeling clash within me when she kept talking about how great she was and when she started ordering me around. for some reason i lost my gift for understanding everyone that day. throughout the whole day we both went through petty tit for tat comments that was very rude of both of us but i am most disappointing at myself for harboring that feeling and embittering her and the guests that were there to get information. there were few students i met that gave me some sort of healing for helping them but again there was some embittering done. Through the day i looked into Philosophy and writing notes in obsidian. i found some great extensions and techniques on writing notes i also did some notes on fallacies and and how arguments are made. soon enough the shift was over and i went back home using the trains, the train ride is a haze for me but i think it was taken over by music and dissociation. i got home and went straight to be around 4:45 -  5:45 i did the deed and went to bed, that sleep did not feel any good and i woke up stressed at around 12:00. The Worst feeling of unaccomplished, stress about my parents, fear and unease took over me and i went back to my vice of games and sloth. till the next day. 


i met phil the Zimbabwean guy and teh indian guy i forgot there names we had  worderfull conversation and some chat with mutha aswell he will leave Australia in 2 weeks i believe.