---
journal: Personal
journal-start-date: 2024-07-18
journal-end-date: 2024-07-18
journal-section: day
---
### Events

On Thursday i started my day really early like i mentioned on [[2024-07-17]] i showered did very short prayer in my heart and continued on to uni, i read this amazing book i got some time back about self improvement maybe this was on the Wednesday but i read really amazing things. the book touched on writing notes and knowing thyself and i am bringing it to work here. through the day i did my best to not focus on the mental pressure i am trying to figure out. i did my best and it the day is flying through i met jamil today and we had some nice political and tech chat, i met a few more students again and everything was nice.
we finished the shift at 2:55 and did cleaning till 3:00. 

i went into ISS to have a chat with the lady in the front and ask her about what i should do with files for the of year problem around visa grants. she did say i only need to ask for my completion letter after the release of the final grades. i complained more and i was redirected to nina, she was very helpful and told me i can ask her for help when time comes : ) 

my chest felt much lighter i am assuming that was replaying in the background which was one of the biggest thing i do worry about. i made it down to the link bus very tired and back on the train sleepy, i fell asleep on the way back. on the second train i gave my seat to a lady and her 2 kids and when i stood up i saw my sister, i proceeded to sit next to her for the remaining trip.

i got home all tired making a plan to sleep early but i played a game and messaged farah for a short chat she messaged back around 8:00 and we had a chat for some time till she got back home and chatted till around 1:00 or smth i messed up my sleep again T-T, the topic at the beginning was rought, i found it really tough hearing her dissapointed that i haven't responded to her tellegram messages which i understand. 

i went through some mental gymnastics at some point and found it really though to say i am going to stay christian even though i said it. my belief have been stronger than ever and i don't know if that is affecting her i really wish the best for her in all her pursuits. 


